Taking weighting seriously (#487)
JuliaStats/GLM.jl: docs/src/index.md

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
```

## Weighting 

Both `lm` and `glm` allow weighted estimation. The three different 
[types of weights](https://juliastats.org/StatsBase.jl/stable/weights/) defined in 
[StatsBase.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/StatsBase.jl) can be used to fit a model:

- `AnalyticWeights` describe a non-random relative importance (usually between 0 and 1) for
  each observation. These weights may also be referred to as reliability weights, precision
  weights or inverse variance weights. These are typically used when the observations being
  weighted are aggregate values (e.g., averages) with differing variances.

> - `FrequencyWeights` describe the inverse of the sampling probability for each observation,
>   providing a correction mechanism for under- or over-sampling certain population groups.
>   These weights may also be referred to as sampling weights.
> - `ProbabilityWeights` describe how the sample can be scaled back to the population.
>   Usually are the reciprocals of sampling probabilities.

Reviewer: Let's use the same wording as in StatsBase for simplicity. If we want to improve it, we'll change it everywhere.
```suggestion
- `FrequencyWeights` describe the number of times (or frequency) each observation was seen.
  These weights may also be referred to as case weights or repeat weights.
- `ProbabilityWeights` represent the inverse of the sampling probability for each observation,
  providing a correction mechanism for under- or over-sampling certain population groups.
  These weights may also be referred to as sampling weights.
```

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
```

## Weighting 

Both `lm` and `glm` allow weighted estimation. The three different 
[types of weights](https://juliastats.org/StatsBase.jl/stable/weights/) defined in 
[StatsBase.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/StatsBase.jl) can be used to fit a model:

> 

Reviewer 2: what about `UnitWeights`?

- `AnalyticWeights` describe a non-random relative importance (usually between 0 and 1) for
  each observation. These weights may also be referred to as reliability weights, precision
  weights or inverse variance weights. These are typically used when the observations being
  weighted are aggregate values (e.g., averages) with differing variances.
- `FrequencyWeights` describe the inverse of the sampling probability for each observation,
  providing a correction mechanism for under- or over-sampling certain population groups.
  These weights may also be referred to as sampling weights.
- `ProbabilityWeights` describe how the sample can be scaled back to the population.
  Usually are the reciprocals of sampling probabilities.

> 

Reviewer 2: can we add a comment somewhere how these weights are later treated in estimation?

To indicate which kind of weights should be used, the vector of weights must be wrapped in
one of the three weights types, and then passed to the `weights` keyword argument.
Short-hand functions `aweights`, `fweights`, and `pweights` can be used to construct
`AnalyticWeights`, `FrequencyWeights`, and `ProbabilityWeights`, respectively.

We illustrate the API with randomly generated data.

```jldoctest weights
julia> using StableRNGs, DataFrames, GLM

> julia> data = DataFrame(y = rand(StableRNG(1), 100), x = randn(StableRNG(2), 100), weights = repeat([1, 2, 3, 4], 25), );

Reviewer 2: it is not clear what weight is used here, as this is just a vector passed, and above we write that we reqire `aweights`, `fweights`, or `pweights` to be called. Probably some comment what happens in this case would be good.

─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
(Intercept)   0.51673     0.0170172  30.37    <1e-84   0.483213    0.550246
x            -0.0478667   0.0193863  -2.47    0.0142  -0.0860494  -0.00968394
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

julia> m_pweights = lm(@formula(y ~ x), data, wts=pweights(data.weights))
StatsModels.TableRegressionModel{LinearModel{GLM.LmResp{Vector{Float64}, ProbabilityWeights{Int64, Int64, Vector{Int64}}}, GLM.DensePredChol{Float64, LinearAlgebra.CholeskyPivoted{Float64, Matrix{Float64}, Vector{Int64}}, ProbabilityWeights{Int64, Int64, Vector{Int64}}}}, Matrix{Float64}}

y ~ 1 + x

Coefficients:
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                  Coef.  Std. Error      t  Pr(>|t|)  Lower 95%   Upper 95%
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
(Intercept)   0.51673     0.0288654  17.90    <1e-31   0.459447  0.574012
x            -0.0478667   0.0266884  -1.79    0.0760  -0.100829  0.00509556
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

> ```

Reviewer 2: maybe some comment why the estiated parameters for three weight types in this case are the same and only Std. error differs would be useful?
